Update README.md (#215)
actualbudget/actual-server: README.md

This is the main project to run [Actual](https://github.com/actualbudget/actual), a local-first personal finance tool. It comes with the latest version of Actual, and a server to persist changes and make data available across all devices.

### Getting Started 

> To get started with Actual, visit our [](https://actualbudget.org/docs/install/) page, here you will find our recommended and support options for deploying Actual both locally and in the cloud. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Actual, visit the “[Installing Actual](https://actualbudget.org/docs/install/)” page of our documentation to find a list of our currently supported installation options.
```
